# CAREForMe: Contextual Multi-Armed Bandit Recommendation Framework for Mental Health

This repository contains the artifacts associated with CAREForMe framework. The source code is structured as (1)**Backend**, (2)**Intermediate**, and (3)**Frontend**.


## **Backend** Source Code


`ContextualMAB.py` connects with the MangoDB database, updates designated user's CMAB score and clustering data, and makes recommendations.


## **Intermediate** Source Code


`MABInstance.py` communicates with the frontend and the backend to provide user feedback and offer suggestions generated by the backend.

## **Frontend** Source Code

All different frontend code (e.g., Discord, Telegram) reuses the same **Backend** and **Intermediate** source code. We have implemented 3 variations of the frontend.


1. `discord_main.py` creates a Discord bot that interacts with the user to give recommendations and collect user's feedback.


2. `telegram_main.py` creates a Telegram bot that interact with the user to give recommendations and collect user's feedback.

3. `./mab-reco-app/main.py` creates a Progressive Web App (PWA) that interacts with the user to give recommendations and collect user's feedback on mobile devices, including both Android and iOS platforms.


## Other Notable Artifacts


`gen_pivot.py` generates pre-designed cluster pivot for clusters. This is for testing and can be easily modified. 


`sim_users.py` creates simulated users with unique behaviors that act based on Gaussian's Distribution with some level of noise. This is for testing and can be easily customized.


`configuration.yaml` contains the customizable parameters that are used in both backend and intermediate source code, which makes the system very versatile to fulfill different needs.
